Remove support for multiple signatures (#112)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: source/index.html.md

Sorted by descending timestamp.

### Support for multiple signatures removed

> Support for multiple signatures w.r.t. request signing will be removed on 2020-xx-yy.

Author: ```suggestion
Support for multiple signatures for request signing will be removed on 2020-xx-yy.
```

:man_shrugging:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for multiple signatures for request signing will be removed any time after 2020-10-31.
```
